README.md, before:

# Kristal

Kristal is a powerful [DELTARUNE](https://deltarune.com/) fangame and battle engine, made with [LÖVE](https://love2d.org/). It allows you to make **custom DELTARUNE worlds, battles, and more!**

> [!WARNING]
> Make sure to read the **downloading section** of this README before attempting to download Kristal.

## Getting Started

The [wiki](https://kristal.cc/wiki/) should cover everything you need to know about Kristal. If there's something you think is missing, feel free to [open an issue, or even a pull request!](https://github.com/KristalTeam/Shadow)

## Downloading

For help with downloading the engine, visit the [downloading page](https://kristal.cc/wiki/downloading).

## Community

Our community resides on [Discord](https://discord.gg/8ZGuKXJE2C), so if you want to talk about Kristal, or just hang out, feel free to join!

We also have [a subreddit](https://reddit.com/r/Kristal/), but it's less active than the Discord server.

## Screenshots

![A screenshot of the main menu](https://kristal.cc/screenshots/main_menu.png)

<sup>Kristal's main menu</sup>

![A screenshot of Godhome by Vitellary](https://kristal.cc/screenshots/godhome.png)

<sup>[Godhome](https://gamebanana.com/mods/376524) by Vitellary</sup>

![A screenshot of Frozen Heart by Simbel](https://kristal.cc/screenshots/frozen_heart.png)

<sup>[Frozen Heart](https://gamejolt.com/games/frozen-heart/659908) by [Simbel](https://www.youtube.com/@Simbel)</sup>

![A screenshot of Deltamon by Team Paradox](https://kristal.cc/screenshots/deltamon.png)

<sup>[Deltamon](https://gamejolt.com/games/Deltamon/946082) by [Team Paradox](https://gamejolt.com/@TeamParadox)</sup>

![A screenshot of Deoxynn by AcousticJamm](https://kristal.cc/screenshots/deoxynn.png)

<sup>[Deoxynn](https://kristal.cc/screenshots/deoxynn.png) by [AcousticJamm](https://www.guilded.gg/i/240D4G02)</sup>

Commit message:

Expand README with localization project details
Added project goals and disclaimer for Japanese localization.

README.md, after:

# Kristal-ja (Kristal Japanese Localization Project)

This is a fork of [Kristal](https://github.com/KristalTeam/Kristal), focused on Japanese localization.
本家 [Kristal](https://github.com/KristalTeam/Kristal) エンジンの日本語化ローカライズプロジェクトです。

## 🇯🇵 Project Goal / プロジェクトの目的
* **UI Translation**: エディタやデバッグメニューの日本語化
* **Font Support**: 日本語フォント（CJK）の表示対応
* **Input Support**: 日本語入力（IME）への対応（※もし予定にあれば）

## ⚠️ Disclaimer / 免責事項
This project is not affiliated with the official Kristal Team.
このプロジェクトは公式のKristalチームとは関係ありません。不具合報告は本家ではなく、こちらのIssueへお願いします。

---
# Kristal

Kristal is a powerful [DELTARUNE](https://deltarune.com/) fangame and battle engine, made with [LÖVE](https://love2d.org/). It allows you to make **custom DELTARUNE worlds, battles, and more!**

> [!WARNING]
> Make sure to read the **downloading section** of this README before attempting to download Kristal.

## Getting Started

The [wiki](https://kristal.cc/wiki/) should cover everything you need to know about Kristal. If there's something you think is missing, feel free to [open an issue, or even a pull request!](https://github.com/KristalTeam/Shadow)

## Downloading

For help with downloading the engine, visit the [downloading page](https://kristal.cc/wiki/downloading).

## Community

Our community resides on [Discord](https://discord.gg/8ZGuKXJE2C), so if you want to talk about Kristal, or just hang out, feel free to join!

We also have [a subreddit](https://reddit.com/r/Kristal/), but it's less active than the Discord server.

## Screenshots

![A screenshot of the main menu](https://kristal.cc/screenshots/main_menu.png)

<sup>Kristal's main menu</sup>

![A screenshot of Godhome by Vitellary](https://kristal.cc/screenshots/godhome.png)

<sup>[Godhome](https://gamebanana.com/mods/376524) by Vitellary</sup>

![A screenshot of Frozen Heart by Simbel](https://kristal.cc/screenshots/frozen_heart.png)

<sup>[Frozen Heart](https://gamejolt.com/games/frozen-heart/659908) by [Simbel](https://www.youtube.com/@Simbel)</sup>

![A screenshot of Deltamon by Team Paradox](https://kristal.cc/screenshots/deltamon.png)

<sup>[Deltamon](https://gamejolt.com/games/Deltamon/946082) by [Team Paradox](https://gamejolt.com/@TeamParadox)</sup>

![A screenshot of Deoxynn by AcousticJamm](https://kristal.cc/screenshots/deoxynn.png)

<sup>[Deoxynn](https://kristal.cc/screenshots/deoxynn.png) by [AcousticJamm](https://www.guilded.gg/i/240D4G02)</sup>
